Add Temporal example (#28348)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-temporal/README.md

> # Temporal Next.js example
> 
> > “Temporal does to backend and infra what React did to frontend. If you're in the React world, you've forgotten about manually adding and removing DOM elements, updating attributes and their quirks, hooking up event listeners… It's not only been a boost in developer experience, but most importantly in consistency and reliability. In the backend world, this reliability problem is absurdly amplified as monoliths break into SaaS services, functions, containers… You have to carefully manage and create queues to capture each side effect, ensure everything gets retried, state is scattered all over the place. Temporal's engine is quite complex, much like React's, but the surface exposed to the developer is a beautiful "render()" function to organize your backend workflows.”
> > —[Guillermo Rauch](https://twitter.com/rauchg/status/1316808665370820609)
> 
> **Table of Contents**
> 
> - [Starter project](#starter-project)
> - [Deploy your own](#deploy-your-own)
>   - [Web server](#web-server)
>   - [Worker](#worker)
>   - [Temporal Server](#temporal-server)
> - [How to use](#how-to-use)
> 
> ## Starter project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Temporal + Next.js Example
```

Reviewer: We don't need a ToC here, or a quote 👍

> This is a starter project for creating resilient Next.js applications with [Temporal](https://temporal.io/). Whenever our [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) need to do any of the below, we can greatly increase our code's fault tolerance by using Temporal:
> 
> - Perform a series of network requests (to a database, another function, an internal service, or an external API), any of which may fail (Temporal will automatically set timeouts and retry, as well as remember the state of execution in the event of power loss)
> - Do something that takes longer than 5 or 30 seconds (Vercel's serverless function execution [time limit](https://vercel.com/docs/platform/limits) for Hobby or Enterprise accounts, respectively)
> - Do something after a certain amount of time, like an hour or a month (or periodically—once an hour, or once a month)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a starter project for creating resilient Next.js applications with [Temporal](https://temporal.io/). Whenever our [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) need to do any of the following, we can greatly increase our code's fault tolerance by using Temporal:

- Perform a series of network requests (to a database, another function, an internal service, or an external API), any of which may fail. Temporal will automatically set timeouts and retry, as well as remember the state of execution in the event of power loss.
- Long-running tasks
- Cron jobs
```

Reviewer: I think the first point could be simplified a bit too.

The starter project has this logic flow:

- Load [`localhost:3000`](http://localhost:3000)
- Click the “Create order” button
- The click handler POSTs a new order object to `/api/orders`
- The serverless function at `pages/api/orders/index.ts`:
  - Parses the order object
  - Tells Temporal Server to start a new Order Workflow, and passes the user ID and order info
  - Waits for the Workflow result and returns it to the client
- Temporal Server puts Workflow tasks on the `orders` task queue
- The Worker executes chunks of Workflow and Activity code. The Activity code logs:

```
Reserving 2 of item B102
Charging user 123 for 2 of item B102
```

- The Workflow completes and Temporal Server sends the result back to the serverless function, which returns it to the client, which alerts the result.

Here is the Temporal code:

- The Workflow: `temporal/src/workflows/order.ts`
- The Activites: `temporal/src/activities/{payment|inventory}.ts`

## Deploy your own

### Web server

The Next.js server can be deployed using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

> [![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-temporal&project-name=with-temporal&repository-name=with-temporal)

Reviewer: Could this section follow the same format as the other example READMEs?

Author: Do you mean just changing the first line language to "Deploy the example using Vercel" to match https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/contributing.md#adding-examples? I removed the StackBlitz `## Preview` section because it wouldn't work without Temporal Server & Worker.
